Fix Delivery API "getting started" + configuration sample (#5796)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-cms/reference/content-delivery-api/README.md

## Getting Started

> The Delivery API is an opt-in feature of Umbraco. It must be explicitly enabled by configuration before it can be utilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Delivery API is an opt-in feature of Umbraco. It must be explicitly enabled trough configuration before it can be utilized.
```

> Umbraco projects started on version 11 or below also need to opt-in by code. Below you will find a description of how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco projects started on version 11 or below also need to opt-in trough code by [registering the delivery API dependencies](./#register-the-content-delivery-api-dependencies)
```
